# Searchable_Symmetric_Encryption

## If you have other versions of python make sure they don't conflict

### Program written in python3.6
- to run program type: python3.6 SSE.py  

### Packages Installed  
- Cryptography. To install type pip3 install cryptography

## Functions so far

### Main
-Welcomes user to progam  
-Then ask if already have encrypted data or not.  
-if yes enter existing password. We will do the searching in this part.  
-elif ask you to choose a password. Then ask for documents that you want encrypted.  
-else is a error check for the yes or no.  
-Can uncomment print statements to see the keys. Can uncomment the for loop to see the D(w) dictionary.  

### Keygen
-Creates three keys from the user entered password  
-uses three previously randomly generated salts to alter password for each key.  
-returns the three keys base 64 encoded. For neatness.  

### Initialization
-Reads in the filenames stores in a list.  
-Reads the files data and finds the 5 most common words in each file.  
-Makes a masterlist of all the top 5 words in all documents. Removes duplicates.  
-Makes a dictionary with the word as the key and the value is a list to document identifiers.  
-returns the D(w) dictionary.  

### Pseudorandom Function
-Generates decimal value of key s
-Adds this value to the counters
-Finds random number with this value as the seed

### Build Array
-Creates and returns array A with the encrypted nodes containing the doc ids and keys used to 
encrypt them

### Look Up Table
-Generates a table which stores the XORed result of permutation
function f_y and the address of a node concatenated with the key

### Trapdoor
-returns the permutation function
and pseudorandom permutation function on keyword

### Search
-Indexes both T and A with trapdoor values generated by keyword 
in main to find and decrypt the document ids




